Here we are in our Windows lab environment.
If we wanted to check for failed login attempts to save time,
we could open up PowerShell.
Be sure to right-click and run as administrator,
and then run the following command.
Git event log.
The log name is security,
the instance ID is 4625,
which you will recall are failed logins,
then we're going to look at the newest 25.
In this case, we spotted something interesting.
We also want to do a deeper dive in Event Viewer.
To get there, hit your Windows key,
type Event Viewer, hit enter,
navigate to Windows logs, security,
sort by audit failure,
and there we can view the event 4625s that have happened on this machine.